Users in this table, we saved username, hashed password, and balance of each user. The reason why we didn't set up a field for reservation is that each user can have 0 to infinite number of reservations which is one to multiple and it's hard to save both of them in the same class. And instead, we decide to create a reservation class and set up a relation reference to the user inside the reservation class since there is a one to one relationship that for each reservation there is one user.
 
Reservation In this table, we saved the reserved flight information, for each reservation there can only be one or two corresponding flight information. We can use different kinds of information about the reserved flights. For example, we use the flight price for the method pay and cancel; we have unique reservationid; And we have username and the dayOfReservation to ensure user doesn't order the flight  on the same day. And both User table and Reservation tables are new table so they need to be persisted.
 
 
Itinerary is in-memory. Since every time when we use search, it will return 0 to infinite itinerary according to our conditions. So there may be a large number of itinerary satisfying the condition but user may only book reserve 0 to one itinerary. In that case, there is no need to save all the itinerary which occupied lots of space. We only need to the itinerary that user booked in the in-memory. And as itinerary's id is not unique, it's hard to save and it doesn't need to be persisted.
 
Process in deciding  At first (MS1), we planed to set up the itinerary table, then we figured out it's not necessary so we deleted it. And after MS1, we add price and day and we believe it will make method like pay, cancel and book  more convenient and operate in a correct way.